add extra contribution guidance (#161)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry: CONTRIBUTING.md

```
go test -run=TestGasPriceOracleParams/11155420
```

> ### 5. Raise your Pull Request
> Please raise a PR from a non-protected branch in your fork (e.g. avoid the `main` branch).
> Automated checks will run, and your PR will be reviewed in due course.
> Please raise a separate PR for each chain you would like to add.

Reviewer: Nit to be a little more verbose on rationale to hopefully reduce our overhead, what do you think?
```suggestion
### 5. Open Your Pull Request
When opening a PR:
- Open it from a non-protected branch in your fork (e.g. avoid the `main` branch). This allows maintainers to push to your branch if needed, which streamlines the review and merge process.
- Open one PR per chain you would like to add. This ensures the merge of one chain is not blocked by unexpected issues.

Once the PR is opened, the same automated checks from Step 4 will then run on your PR, and your PR will be reviewed in due course. Once these checks pass the PR will be merged.
```
